Add link to "Development setup" from root (#6)
wierkstudio/ciphereditor: packages/app-web/README.md

## Development setup

> Follow [the instructions](https://github.com/wierkstudio/ciphereditor#development-setup) in the 'Development setup' section in the project root.

Reviewer: We should use relative paths here, as the repository may be viewed outside of GitHub.

```suggestion
Follow [the instructions](../../README.md#development-setup) in the 'Development setup' section in the project root.
```

Author: Very fair - I'm currently somewhat inexperienced right now, so this should be good. :)
